>> Mike North: So
in terms of how inheritance works, if we
have a class like this, we can create
a subclass by using the extend keyword.
And in addition to that,
we get a super keyword that can be
used to call methods on the parent class,
or to call parent class's constructor.
I say it's a keyword just because it
can be used in two different ways.
So here is our subclass of Employee, and
you can see that Employee takes an id and
a name.
It makes sure,
using this parent constructor here.
It makes sure that when
Employee's constructor says,
Person constructor, do your thing.
Make sure you store this
name I'm giving you,
as member data on this object,
it just has to pass that name along.
And we're treating super
like a function here, and
then we can do whatever we wanna do.
Later on, we can use super
a different way, and here,
we are getting a parent prototype's
method, we're saying super to JSON.
So essentially,
we're basically extending the result of
what Person was doing for this function,
and adding something to it.
We'll worry about what those
three dots mean later.
But I just want you to see that
in a constructor, typically,
you invoke super as if it's a function.
In other member functions,
you use super as a reference to sort of
the parent class version of,
typically, one's own function, right?
So often, you see this pattern
where you're into JSON,
you're implementing it there and
you would call super.
Which would be like, do what your
parent class was gonna do, and
then we can incorporate that into
whatever the subclass is doing.
So in this case, if we did something like
this, we would end up with not only name
being in the JSON, but
the Employee's id as well.
>> Mike North: So earlier,
I mentioned this concept of species,
I'm not gonna give you
an exercise on species.
I do want you to kind
of understand this as
one of two examples we're gonna see over
this course, of how symbols are used.